README.md, before:

# RxSwiftDitto

[![CI Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/2183729/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/2183729/RxSwiftDitto)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)

This is a Cocoapod that adds extension methods for RxSwift on the `.rx` namespace for `DittoCollection`, `DittoPendingCursorOperation` and `DittoPendingIDSpecificOperation`

## Installation

RxSwiftDitto is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'RxSwiftDitto'
```

### For testing...

DittoSwift requires a license token in order to work properly. Please contact the Ditto team on at [contact@ditto.live](mailto:contact@ditto.live) to get access to a license token. This project loads a license token from a file `license_token.txt`. Once you've obtained a license token, you can create the file and paste it in. Once you open up `RxSwiftDitto.xcworkspace` you will see that the `license_token.txt` is part of the test target. Note: `license_token.txt` is part of the `.gitignore`. Ensure not to accidentally commit and push it up to this repo. 

## Usage:

Simple live queries with snapshots of `[DittoDocument]`

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .store["cars"]
  .find("color == 'red'")
  .rx
  .liveQuery
  .subscribe(onNext: { docs in
    // docs is `[DittoDocument]`
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

Simple live queries with snapshots of `[DittoDocument]`

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .store["cars"]
  .find("color == 'red'")
  .rx
  .liveQueryDocumentsWithEvent
  .subscribe(onNext: { (docs, event) in
    // docs is `[DittoDocument]`
    // event is [DittoLiveQueryEvent]
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

Observing peers

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .rx
  .remotePeers
  .subscribe(onNext: { (remotePeers) in
    // remotePeers is `[Dit]`
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

## Upcoming releases will include

* `.rx` extension on `insert`, `update`, `remove` and `evict`

## Author

mbalex99, max@ditto.live

## License

RxSwiftDitto is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

updating documentation to include example apps

README.md, after:

# RxSwiftDitto

[![CI Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/2183729/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/2183729/RxSwiftDitto)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/RxSwiftDitto.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/RxSwiftDitto)

This is a Cocoapod that adds extension methods for RxSwift on the `.rx` namespace for `DittoCollection`, `DittoPendingCursorOperation` and `DittoPendingIDSpecificOperation`

## Installation

RxSwiftDitto is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'RxSwiftDitto'
```

### For testing...

DittoSwift requires a license token in order to work properly. Please contact the Ditto team on at [contact@ditto.live](mailto:contact@ditto.live) to get access to a license token. This project loads a license token from a file `license_token.txt`. Once you've obtained a license token, you can create the file and paste it in. Once you open up `RxSwiftDitto.xcworkspace` you will see that the `license_token.txt` is part of the test target. Note: `license_token.txt` is part of the `.gitignore`. Ensure not to accidentally commit and push it up to this repo. 

## Usage:

Simple live queries with snapshots of `[DittoDocument]`

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .store["cars"]
  .find("color == 'red'")
  .rx
  .liveQuery
  .subscribe(onNext: { docs in
    // docs is `[DittoDocument]`
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
  
// or if you've also installed RxCocoa
ditto
  .store["cars"]
  .find("color == 'red'")
  .rx
  .liveQuery
  .bind{ docs in
    // docs is `[DittoDocument]`
  }
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

Simple live queries with snapshots of `[DittoDocument]`

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .store["cars"]
  .find("color == 'red'")
  .rx
  .liveQueryDocumentsWithEvent
  .subscribe(onNext: { (docs, event) in
    // docs is `[DittoDocument]`
    // event is [DittoLiveQueryEvent]
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

Observing peers

```swift
var disposeBag = DisposeBag()

ditto
  .rx
  .remotePeers
  .subscribe(onNext: { (remotePeers) in
    // remotePeers is `[Dit]`
  })
  .disposed(by: disposeBag)
```

# Example App

This repo also includes an example that shows you a simple usage of using `RxSwiftDitto` with [RxDataSource](https://github.com/RxSwiftCommunity/RxDataSources) which is a fantastic addition to `UITableView` and `UICollectionView`.

## Upcoming releases will include

* `.rx` extension on `insert`, `update`, `remove` and `evict`

## Author

mbalex99, max@ditto.live

## License

RxSwiftDitto is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
